Folks, folks.
Today.
It is the day to worship the ancestors of the champion of martial arts
It's also the day the Olympic rankings are announced
The village invites everyone to dinner at the ancestral hall.
Celebrate. Go
Folks, after the Olympic rankings are announced
No matter what the project
Reward other than real name 10,000 yuan
The reward for the tenth to fourth place is 100,000 yuan
Won the Olympic G 100,000 yuan reward 300,000
Get the prize for the runner-up 500,000
Champion
foot score single open page reward
1 million 1 million
Ahahaha get on the gun
Hey, Zhao Daming
Who gave you this incense?
Today is the day for the village chief to worship his ancestors
If my God can't offer incense
Zhao Daming, you shameful thing
Forget when you lost to Taro Takahashi
Did the village chief say anything?
If you want to offer incense to your ancestors
You have to lift this decade first
Otherwise, you will never think of incense in your life
You don't deserve it after today.
Don't say that Zhao Daming is not qualified to serve incense
I guess their father and daughter
Have to be kicked out of Zhaojiacun
Tyrannosaurus rex? What does that mean?
Dear
Why are you interested in going to Zhaojiacun today?
The place is poor and rotten
It's not suitable for such noble people as us at all
This is where I picked up Zhao Daming and took you away
When I'm going to lift the champion again
Let your son also feel the pleasure of winning
Hahaha